{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Vollkorn-Medium;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red12\green12\blue12;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c5098\c5098\c5098;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15200\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 taj japas tadarthabh\uc0\u257 vanam\u2404 \u2404  28\u2404 \u2404 
\b0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The repetition of that (syllable) is meditation on its meaning.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\fs20 [p.45]
\fs28 \

\b\fs36 taj japa iti\uc0\u2404  \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This is called japa.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\b\fs36 tasya pra\uc0\u7751 avasya japa\u7717  vidhivaducc\u257 ra\u7751 a\u7747 , tadarthasya pra\u7751 av\u257 rthasya acintyai\u347 varya\u347 aktiyuktasya \
param\uc0\u257 tmano bh\u257 vana\u7747  prak\u7771 titatk\u257 ryapuru\u7779 ebhyo viveken\u257 nusa\u7747 dh\u257 nam vyakt\u257 vyakte ca \
puru\uc0\u7779 astisro m\u257 tr\u257 \u7717  prak\u299 rtit\u257 \u7717 \u2404 
\b0\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The repetition of that syllable (Om) is to be chanted according to the rules. \
The contemplation on the meaning of that syllable, endowed with inconceivable power and prowess, \
belonging to the Supreme Self, is the discernment between nature and its effects and the individual self.\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\b\fs36 ardham\uc0\u257 tr\u257  para\u7747  brahma j\'f1eyam adhy\u257 tmacintakai\u7717 \u2404 \u2404 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The half-measure is to be known as the Supreme Brahman by those who contemplate the inner self.
\b\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
ity \uc0\u257 digaru\u7693 av\u257 kyebhya\u7717 \u2404 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Thus from the beginning and similar verses.
\b\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
athav\uc0\u257  tadarthasya param\u257 tmana\u7717  p\u363 r\u7751 asya bh\u257 vana\u7747  j\u299 v\u257 bhedena puna\u7717  puna\u347  cetasi nive\u347 anam\u2404 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Alternatively, one should repeatedly immerse the mind in the contemplation of the complete Supreme Self, considering it as identical to the individual self.
\b\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
tam etam \uc0\u257 tm\u257 na\u7747  \u363 m\u784 mati brahma\u7751 aik\u299 k\u7771 tya brahma v\u257 tmanom ity ek\u299 k\u7771 tya\u2404 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Having united this self with Brahman, realizing Brahman as the self, as 'I am Brahman.\

\b\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 iti \uc0\u347 rute\u7717 \u2404 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Thus it is stated in the scriptures.
\b\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
vastutas tu ak\uc0\u257 re\u7751 a mam\u257 tm\u257 namanvi\u7779 ya mak\u257 re\u7751 a brahma\u7751 \u257  'nusa\u7747 dadhy\u257 t uk\u257 re\u7751 \u257  'vicikitsita\u7717 \u2404 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In reality, one should meditate on oneself as 'A,' on Brahman as 'Ma,' and should eliminate doubts as 'U.'
\b\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
[P.46]\
ity \uc0\u257 di\u347 rutes tadarthasya j\u299 vaparam\u257 tmanora bhedasyaitanmate dravyagu\u7751 ayor iv\u257 vin\u257 bh\u257 var\u363 pasya bh\u257 vena cintanam ity artha\u7717 \u2404 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Thus, according to the scriptural injunctions and similar teachings, the meaning is contemplation on the non-existence of difference between the individual self and the Supreme Self, \
similar to the absence of substance and qualities.
\b\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
japap\uc0\u363 rvaka\u7747  bh\u257 vana\u7747  karttavyam pra\u7751 avena para\u7747  brahma dhy\u257 y\u299 ta niyato yati\u7717  \u2404 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
One should perform meditation with preceding repetition (japa), steadfastly meditating on the Supreme Brahman with the syllable 'Om'."
\b\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
japam\uc0\u784 \u347  ca pra\u7751 ava\u7747  nitya\u7747  brahmavi\u7779 \u7751 u\u347 iv\u257 tmakam\u2404 \u2404 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
And the syllable 'Om' should be constantly chanted as representing the essence of Brahma, Vishnu, and Shiva.
\b\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
ko\uc0\u7789 is\u363 ryasama\u7747  tejo dhy\u257 yed \u257 tmani nirmalam\u2404 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
One should meditate on the immaculate brilliance, equal to that of millions of suns, in the self.
\b\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
ity \uc0\u257 dism\u7771 te\u7717 \u2404  \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Thus, from the beginning and similar scriptures.
\b\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
tad eva\uc0\u7747  bhaktiyogena bhagavad anugrahastata\u7717  paravair\u257 gy\u257 d asa\u7747 praj\'f1\u257 tasam\u257 dhil\u257 bha\u7717 \u2404 \u2404  28\u2404 \u2404 
\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Thus, through devotion (bhakti yoga), one attains the grace of the Lord, followed by supreme detachment (paravairagya), and then the attainment of undisturbed concentration (asamprajnata samadhi).
\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \
ki\'f1ca, japa ity anena mantrayoga\uc0\u7717 , arthabh\u257 vanamityanena vivekaj\'f1\u257 n\u257  'bhy\u257 sar\u363 po j\'f1\u257 nayoga\u7717 , abhedabh\u257 var\u363 po 'dvaitayoga\u347  ca sa\u7747 g\u7771 h\u299 ta\u7717 \u2404  
\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Moreover, by the term 'japa,' the practice of mantra yoga is indicated; by 'arthabhavana,' the practice of yoga of discerning knowledge (jnana yoga); \
and by 'abhedabhavarupa,' the practice of non-dual yoga (advaita yoga) is summarized.
\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 \
trividhasy\uc0\u257 pyetasya pra\u7751 idh\u257 nasya kl\u7771 ptak\u257 ra\u7751 at\u257 kasvocitakarm\u257 di\u7779 u sam\u257 dhyantas\u257 dhana\u7747  vin\u257 pyanupadameva vak\u7779 yam\u257 \u7751 ar\u299 ty\u257  s\u257 k\u7779 \u257 tparamparay\u257  v\u257  dharm\u257 rthak\u257 mamok\u7779 ar\u363 papuru\u7779 \u257 rthacatu\u7779 \u7789 ayas\u257 dhanatvamast\u299 ty\u257 va\u347 yakamabhipretya\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Indeed, without any additional effort, the accomplishment of the fourfold goals of human life (dharma, artha, kama, moksha) is to be explicitly mentioned as the means for achieving them, either through direct lineage or through the testimony of scriptures.
\b\fs36 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}